MSIL backend for lcc v4.2, version 1.0

This Microsoft Research end user license agreement ("MSR-EULA") is a
legal agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (“Microsoft” or
“we”) for the software or data identified above, which may include
source code, and any associated materials, text or speech files,
associated media and "online" or electronic documentation (together,
the "Software"). 

By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, found at
http://research.microsoft.com/downloads, you agree to be bound by the
terms of this MSR-EULA. If you do not agree, do not install, copy or
use the Software. The Software is protected by copyright and other
intellectual property laws and is licensed, not sold. 

If Software is in object code:

* Upon your agreement to the terms below, you may install one copy of
the Software on your personal computer and use such copy at no charge
for your non-commercial research or non-commercial teaching purposes,
only in an academic or other noncommercial research setting. In
return, we ask that you agree to the following:

* NO TRANSFER RIGHTS: That you will not copy, sell, rent, lease,
distribute, sublicense, assign, or otherwise transfer (including by
loan or gift) the Software and will not attempt to modify it, or to
reverse engineer or decompile it, except and only to the extent
authorized. 

* To leave in place all copyright notices and licensing information
that you might find in the Software. 

* That you will not use the Software in a live operating environment
where it may be relied upon to perform in the same manner as a
commercially released product, or with data that has not been
sufficiently backed up. 

* That any feedback about the Software provided by you to us is
voluntarily given, and Microsoft shall be free to use the feedback as
it sees fit without obligation or restriction of any kind, even if the
feedback is designated by you as confidential.

* NO WARRANTIES WHATSOEVER: That the Software comes “AS IS”, with all
faults and with no warranties, conditions or representations. The
implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose, and any warranty against interference with your enjoyment of
the Software or against infringement, do not apply to the Software.
The entire risk as to satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and
effort concerning the Software is assumed by you. There is no warranty
that this Software will fulfill any of your particular purposes or
needs.

* That we have no duty of reasonable care or lack of negligence, and
we are not obligated to (and will not) provide technical support for
the Software. 

* That we will not be liable for any damages, including those known as
direct, indirect, special, consequential, or incidental damages
related to the Software, this MSR-EULA, or under any legal theory
(such as negligence), to the maximum extent that overriding applicable
law permits.

* That if you sue or threaten to sue anyone over patents that you
think may apply to the Software, or if you breach this MSR-EULA in any
way, your license to the Software ends automatically. 

* That this MSR-EULA shall be construed and controlled by the laws of
the State of Washington, USA, without regard to conflicts of law.

If Software is in data form or source code, these additional rights
and restrictions apply: 

* You may do anything you want with the Software source code or data
for non-commercial research or non-commercial teaching purposes free
of charge, provided that you agree to the following: 

* To make freely available to others the source code or data of any
modifications or additions you make to the Software, and any related
documentation, solely and exclusively under the same terms as this
License. 

* That Microsoft is granted back, without limitations, the rights to
reproduce, install, use, modify, distribute and transfer your
modifications to the Software source code or data. 

Copyright © Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.
